source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset diabetis --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset heart --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 0.1 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 5 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 10 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator glf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator sglf --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator imp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator simp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
source $HOME/.bashrc ; source activate implicit-midpoint-devel ; python main.py --num-samples 10000 --dataset breast_cancer --step-size 1.0 --num-steps 50 --integrator limp --no-randomize-steps 2>/dev/null
